hi sphere transfer fizfak and today
us unusual release
This is why because today not
birth of albert einstein
cheers let's all sit at
TV applaud stupid
giraffe who thinks today is 14
March who told you that I think so
albert einstein un and to you today
Jora came in so it happened that one of
the participants of our conversation are a complete idiot
so I suggest to finish it now
who has well Einstein aka genius
we begin
and now let's go to the most
ordinary letter of our most ordinary
viewers this secret encryption came to
to us from the white house from a certain b obama like
ordinary he writes tell zhory mishgan
Who killed the Kennedy Well, the question of course
topical fresh bottom and yet
We will try to answer him as
and you killed kennedy no and killed kennedy
get away from me normans get away what
a little what pretty one answers
ebb keychain weeks get away from him
baby from his cover you know why
you always get silly situations
because there are only fools all around
guessed because you are inadequate giraffe
who think that there are fools all around
we spent a little sociological
survey on who killed the Kennedy and here
what results did we get
and so on the third place is a conspiracy version
masons on the second edward snowden why
and in the first place with the song Natalia
oh god what a man
Oh, this is the Russian vote now
we are using the fortune teller to call the spirit of john
Kennedy and ask him who killed him
who called me Stalin before comrade giraffe
anti kennedy
there afterlife i ordered it
shoot
Well, for which he told me funny
joke
and he didn't accidentally tell you who killed him
here in the real world
said kill him not enough money for
continue the conversation with the spirit please
fill your account it seemed to me that you
in danger of coming to the largest
library in the world and seeing how much
materials we will have to study to
answer this question we came to
concluded that Canada was killed by someone
ingeniously and on this one is sucked from the finger
thoughts we finish and go back to
the lab
Well, well, our transfer came to an end with
you were me mishgan
and I am George George if you so wanted
show off and find yourself a girlfriend
we know young sexy giraffe not
watching our program and that i'm in vain so
constantly clever Jora impossible in vain
do what you don't do to new ones
meetings yet